# Tan Ping Hui - Project Portfolio Page

## Overview
WIAGI aims to help students who are beginning their financial independence journey and want to gain control over their
budgeting, saving, and investing habits. We provide students with a simple-to-use application that offers a wide range
of essential tools and features such as budgeting, saving, and investment analysis, helping them to make better
financial decisions and be in control of their finances.

### Summary of Contributions

+ **Code contributed**: [RepoSense link](https://nus-cs2113-ay2425s1.github.io/tp-dashboard/?search=&sort=groupTitle&sortWithin=title&timeframe=commit&mergegroup=&groupSelect=groupByRepos&breakdown=true&checkedFileTypes=docs~functional-code~test-code~other&since=2024-09-20&tabOpen=true&tabType=authorship&tabAuthor=TPH777&tabRepo=AY2425S1-CS2113-W14-1%2Ftp%5Bmaster%5D&authorshipIsMergeGroup=false&authorshipFileTypes=docs~functional-code~test-code~other&authorshipIsBinaryFileTypeChecked=false&authorshipIsIgnoredFilesChecked=false)

+ **New Feature**: Added the ability to find entries with similar attribute.
    + What it does: Users can find entries within a range of amount or date. 
  They can also find entries with description of a certain keyword.
    + Justification: This feature makes it more convenient for users to navigate through an entire list of entries,
  and by being able to see e.g. all entries within a range of date, users can better understand their financials.

+ **New Feature**: Added the ability to set date for all entries.
    + What it does: Users can label any entry with a date.
    + Justification: This feature enables better organisation of all entries.
    + Highlights: This implementation allows other commands like budget and find to build on top of it, bringing even 
  greater benefits for the program as a whole.

+ **New feature**: Added income and spending category.
    + What it does: It separates all entries to this two category.
    + Justification: Both categories have different functionalities, so by separating them, certain checks can be 
  automated, e.g. adding spending will check for over budget, increasing efficiency and convenience.

+ **New feature**: Added exception messages to edge cases.
  + What it does: It provides a more specific error message to users when an invalid command is inputted.
  + Justification: Users can better understand the reason for the failed command and learn the correct way to perform 
  that command.

+ **Contribution to UG**
    + Find command
    + Bye command
    + Evaluated and edited Add and List command
    + Certain parts of FAQ and Command Summary

+ **Contribution to DG**
    + Architecture diagram
    + Design and implementation of Storage component
    + Design and implementation of Find component
    + Certain parts of Appendix (user stories, use cases, non-functional requirements, etc)

+ **Contribution to team based task**
    + Built the skeleton of the program at the early stage
    + Standardised coding style across codebase
    + Cleaned and refactored code to improve readability and efficiency
    + Maintained issue tracker
    + Performed developer testing and added bugs found to the issue tracker
    + Helped in facilitating team meetings and splitting of tasks
    + Reviewed pull requests of team members actively

+ **Review/mentoring contributions**:
  [PR comments link](https://nus-cs2113-ay2425s1.github.io/dashboards/contents/tp-comments.html)
    + Check under @TPH777

+ **Contributions beyond the team project**
    + Reviewed PR extensively for other team during DG Review:
      [Link](https://github.com/nus-cs2113-AY2425S1/tp/pull/8/files/b17b59f0c868d22e30dce54757118451e754b259)
    + Reviewed program extensively for other team during PED:
      [Link](https://github.com/TPH777/ped/issues)